README: "How it works" and "How to update" (#32)
68publishers/cookie-consent: README.md

## Table of contents

* [How it works](#how-it-works)
* [Integration into the GTM](#integration-into-the-gtm)
* [Configuration](#configuration)
* [Settings modal trigger](#settings-modal-trigger)
* [Triggering tags based on the consent](#triggering-tags-based-on-the-consent)
* [Accessing the wrapper in the JavaScript](#accessing-the-wrapper-in-the-javascript)
* [How to update already published container](#how-to-update-already-published-containers)
* [Development](#development)
* [License](#license)

> ## How it works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How the GTM integration works
```

plus update the TOC

Reviewer: Let's move this section before the `"How to update already published container"` section. I would like to include some "How it works" sections later, where will be not just the GTM part.

Author: done

    - :arrows_counterclockwise: The default consent is sent into [native Google Consent API](https://developers.google.com/tag-platform/devguides/consent#gtag.js)
    - :hourglass_flowing_sand: Custom [triggers](#triggering-tags-based-on-the-consent) for granted storage types are scheduled into a `gtag` function
    - :arrow_double_down: A script with the wrapper initialization is injected into a page

### GTM Container loaded

- :fire: Custom triggers for granted storage types are fired

### Page loaded

- :fast_forward: The `CookieConsentWrapper` object is fully initialized
    - :fast_forward: The [original plugin](https://github.com/orestbida/cookieconsent) is initialized
    - :fire: Callbacks for an [event](#init-event) `CookieConsentWrappe.on('init')` are fired
    - :eye: The consent modal is shown if a user has not yet agreed to the use of cookies

### User updates his preferences through the setting modal

- :arrows_counterclockwise: The consent update is sent into [native Google Consent API](https://developers.google.com/tag-platform/devguides/consent#gtag.js)
- :fire: Custom triggers for newly granted storage types are fired

> <br>

Reviewer: Is is necessary?

Author: i removed it

## Configuration

> > :exclamation: We recommend locking the package version in the field `Package version` (see below) after you successfully configure the template. Avoid using the `latest` version in production containers!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :exclamation: Locking the package version is highly recommended (see the field `Package version` below) after you successfully configure the template. Avoid using the `latest` version in production containers!
```

</script>
```

## How to update already published containers

> If you want to update to the newer version please firstly look into [releases](https://github.com/68publishers/cookie-consent/releases) to see what has changed until the release that you using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to update to the newer version please check out the [releases](https://github.com/68publishers/cookie-consent/releases) to see what has changed until the release that you using.
```
